# LIVE LINK




This project is my first full stack project in development life ! So im very exited and i use so many features, library and so many things for this project , lets explore some features and librarys those are used in this project : 

- ### Conditional Rendering :

    In React, conditional rendering is the process of displaying different content based data. I can use useState() hook as my conditional value and i know that conditional rendering is one of the most important feature in react because sometimes we do some work with dynamic value, based this value we create user, display users information, data and so many things, If you are not able to manage your state dynamically you can to work with conditinal rendering process! conditional Rendering thats why most used and commonly used features is react. Conditional Rendering is my personal favorite thnig in React.Js. Because we can render any thing based on any condion! If there are 3 major features in React.js then Conditonal Rendering is one of it! React allows conditionally render components or elements based on the application's state. This enables dynamic UIs that adapt to changing data and user interactions. I use conditional Rendering for showing alert. I stored setTimeout Function and then update the state and then based on the state

- ### MongoDB Database :

    MongoDB is a noSQL database and its easy to use, my personaly favourite database system is MongoDB, Its very fast and when i use it with express actually when i create server and connect it its run like zet ! very fast and very storageful database system i have ever used ! MongoDB is better than SQL becasue here data is stored in document type thats why data analysis operation run very fast and its one of the most powerful thing is web development!MongoDB supports sharding, making it suitable for applications with vast amounts of data. MongoDB has a vibrant and active community, which means there are plenty of resources, tutorials, and support available. There's also a rich ecosystem of tools and libraries that work with MongoDB.Its capabilities make it well-suited for a wide range of modern application development scenarios.

- ### Express.Js for Create Server :

    Express.js is a popular web application framework for Node.js. It simplifies the creation of web applications and APIs by providing a set of robust and flexible features for routing, middleware, and HTTP request handling. Express.js is known for its simplicity and is often used for building fast and scalable web applications and RESTful APIs in Node.js. I use it for create my server that connect with database and it get data from database and calculate so many operation that i want to do.Express js is one of the most powerfull framework for web developers ! Express js is a framework of NODE.js. And we all know that node js is very popular and very fast, thats why express become also very fast and thats case express also has some affect. Its not very switable for long project or operations, It handle small operations very fast and easily but large operation its not handle very carefully! But its very fast !

- ### React Router DOM :
    React router is one of the most powerful and most used feature. This feature show the actual power of React's Virtual DOM. React Router can route or navigate one page to another page or one UI to another UI without any loading! This is may be most powerful thing in React! I am very satisfied for having this feature! My full project is based on this feature! My home page, donation page, my statistics page is route on this feature! I can navigate one page to another page with using the NavLink component, and if i want ot pass the value from one page to another page i can use the most useful thing is loader and useLoaderData hook. This hook can store the shared data from page i came present page!

- ### Firebase Authentication :
    Firebase is a backend system. Firebase Authentication is one of the most useful thing in the web development field. Many large company and corporation are used and using this backend services for authenticate their website ! Firebase mainly provide so many services but one of the most and free useful thing is Firebase Auth. Firebase auth is one of the most strong and useful system. Firebase provide us free auth system for our website. I use Firebase auth in this website for make authenticate the user. I have some private route and if you want to watch or visit those private routes you should be authenticate your identity. I use the Firebase Authentication here! I use email and password and Googgle auth system for this project!

- ### Context API :
    Context API make use provide our state for everywhere! We should know about Prop Drilling. Prop Drilling is one of the most important part of react.js. But prop drilling have some limitation. We know that prop drilling is one way data passinig system. We drill the state from parent to child but we are not able to pass state form children to parent. It we want to do it we should create a function and then call by it. But Context API make this Easy. We create a context and our all state are be a value of this context and then the context is provide for all the components. But here we should be careful that our context is provide form the root. Then the result we are abel to access those all state that we provide by the context from any component ! Context API is such a very powerful feature of React.js. I use this feature in this project !